here at Sketch asaurus HQ we don't think
it should be just scientists having all
the fun asking questions we think it
should be more Democrats so to start the
ball rolling we want to know the
questions you'd like answers about
dinosaurs perhaps you'd like to know
could a velociraptor play soccer but
could you say bolt beat t-rex in a race
or which dinosaur would win a modern day
talent show called Dino Idol let us know
your burning questions and we'll devote
our brains and an episode or more of
sketch asaurus to answering them leave
us questions in the comments below after
all if you don't ask you'll never know
and if you haven't seen sketch a source
before why not check out some of our
other episodes where we asked why did
Stegosaurus have strange plates on its
back
why did t-rex one of the fiercest
dinosaurs of all have such small arms
which dinosaur made the best Dino mug
and whether a Diplodocus poop would
crush his family car click on the links
to find out more